closing song
The underground is a wide body
Coming and going
From there, the
reverberation of the
Even if the branches wither, the roots remain.
The road is a bridge of the state.
The island is high.
The center of the water is the harbor.
The world is full of the world.
The boat of the things I use for you.
My body is approaching the night.
I'm looking forward to the night.
I'm going home.
Open the door.
I'm sorry.
Is it too late?
Is your brother home?
I'm still at your service.
I'm coming to Akataka.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to have come all the way.
Is there a place to go home?
I just came and played.
How is your sister?
She is a woman in her 20s.
I'm going home.
What's on your head?
I'm not good at it, but I can't do it.
I can't untie the knot.
I'm going home.